AMPS settings: documentation for the constants defined in AMPS

General
-------

VERSION		:	Version number of AMPS
AMULESIGDAT	:	Path of the aMule signature file. This must correspond
			with the path specified in the Tweaks settings tab in
			aMule. You must be sure that the user that PHP scripts
			run as (apache in many default installations) has
			sufficient privileges to read this file. If the file is
			outside the webserver's DocumentRoot, the safe_mode
			option in your php.ini MUST be set to Off. Default is
			/tmp/amulesig.dat
IMAGEPATH	:	Path (absolute or relative) where all the images AMPS
			uses are looked for. Default is ./images
IMAGETYPE	:	Type of image to output for error images and the
			signature image. Valid types are jpg, gif, and png. Note
			that your installation of GD must support the image type
			specified here. Default is png


Icon settings
NOTE: All icons are assumed to be PNG. This will probably not change.
-------------

CLEANSIGIMG	:	Image used as the base image for the signature. Default
			is baseimg.png
RUNNINGIMG	:	Icon placed beside the process status information in the
			signature. Default is running.png
RX0TX0IMG	:	Transmission status icon used when both RX and TX
			traffic are zero. Default is rx0tx0.png
RX0TX1IMG	:	Transmission status icon used when RX traffic is zero
			and TX traffic is nonzero. Default is rx0tx1.png
RX1TX0IMG	:	Transmission status icon used when RX traffic is nonzero
			and TX traffic is zero. Default is rx1tx0.png
RX1TX1IMG	:	Transmission status icon used when both RX and TX
			traffic are nonzero. Default is rx1tx1.png
HIGHIDIMG	:	Connection status image used when user is connected with
			high ID. Default is conn_highid.png
LOWIDIMG	:	Connection status image used when user is connected with
			low ID. Default is conn_lowid.png
NOCONNIMG	:	Connection status image used when user is not connected
			to a server. Default is noconn.png
TIMEGENIMG	:	Icon placed next to timestamp. Default is clock.png
SERVERIMG	:	Icon placed next to the server info. Default is
			serverbox.png
SHAREDFILESIMG	:	Icon placed next to the number of shared files. Default
			is files.png
QUEUEIMG	:	Icon placed to the queue status information.

Font information:
NOTE: AMPS uses TrueType fonts. This may be changed to support PS type 1 or
other font types if there is sufficient demand for it.
-----------------

ERRFONTPADDING	:	Number of pixels to pad around the text in error message
			images (hopefully you'll never see these images).
			Default is 5
FONTSIZE	:	Font size (in points) to use on the signature image. You
			will need to adjust this if you use a font other than
			the default one provided with AMPS. Default is 10
FONTFILE	:	Path and filename of the font to use for the error and
			signature image. Right now this must be a valid TrueType
			font that can be read by the user that the PHP script is
			run as. Make sure this is a *good* font that supports
			most of the European special characters used in the
			various translations. If you modify this from the
			default, make sure to adjust FONTSIZE accordingly.
			Default is ./LucidaSansRegular.ttf
IMAGETEXTCOLOR	:	Hex triplet that defines what color text to use in the
			signature image. Default is ffffff (white)
