AMPS - AMule PHP Statistics

Copyright (c) 2004 Matt Britt <uberpenguin@hotpop.com>
Thanks to BigBob for writing the original aStats, which inspired this script

To use AMPS, just copy this entire directory somewhere under your HTTP
server's document root. AMPS requires that your PHP binaries have been
compiled with GD and FreeType support (configure options '--with-gd[=DIR]
--enable-gd-native-ttf'). Since AMPS has to access files outside the document
root of your webserver (specifically the aMule signature file), the safe_mode
option in your '/etc/php.ini' MUST be set to 'off'. If you want AMPS to display
in a different language, append '?lang=xx' to the 'index.php' file where 'xx' is
the two-letter country code (assuming that translation exists) such as en, de,
fr, etc. If you input a country code the script does not recognize, it will
simply default to en. Or you could just use the handy language selection drop-
down list at the bottom of the page!

AMPS looks for the aMule signature file (amulesig.dat) in /tmp. So make sure
amulesig.dat is actually being written to /tmp (the default is ~/.aMule).

If you would like to add a translation in your language, open the file 'en.inc'
in the 'langs/' directory, translate all the strings, and save the translated
file as 'xx.inc' where 'xx' is the two-leter language code (en, fr, etc). That's
it! Also, you probably will want to add the two-letter language code to the
array $completedlangs that is set near the top of 'index.php'. If you produce a
translation, please be sure to send it to me for inclusion in the main
distribution!

Sometime in the near future I will complete the theme support I have stubbed
into the script. If you have a colour scheme that you think looks good, modify
'style.css' and be sure to send me a copy of your new syle so I can include it
in future versions!

Please send any bugs, translations, or verbal abuse to <uberpenguin@hotpop.com>

Questions or comments regarding translations can be directed to the respective
translators listed in the CHANGELOG file.
